README.md, before:

# BootcampProject

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 14.0.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

adding general info to readme file

README.md, after:

# WIP
- - - -
# Pawssier
**A simpler way to manage your pet's needs.**
![Many animals on white background, royalty free from dreamstime](https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/b/dogs-cats-isolated-different-against-white-background-96932856.jpg)
- - - -
## Table of Contents
* [General Information] (#general_info)
* [Layout] (#layout)
* [Technologies] (#technologies)

## General Info
Pawssier is _the all-in-one tool_ for pet parents. Our pet profiles can store vet records, vaccine due dates, visual descriptions, photos, and microchip numbers. These profiles help you stay up to date on vet visits and locate your pets if they get lost.

Pawssier also has information on various pet breeds and diet requirements, courtesy of [Purina](https://www.purina.com/). This information can help you decide if your home is a good fit for a new furry friend. If you think you're ready to expand your family, you can start your adoption search with us too! You can find adoptable animals from [Petfinder](https://www.petfinder.com/) on your dashboard.

## Layout
List of content/pages

## Technologies
* Angular
    * HTML5, CSS, JavaScript
* Purina API
* Petfinder API
